@W-22187814: PDK stop iteration available as from pdk 1.8 and flex 1.12 (#1055)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-configure-features-headers-stop.adoc

Use the Flex Gateway Policy Development Kit (PDK) `enable_stop_iteration` feature to simultaneously read and modify headers and body content.

> PDK Policies using stop iteration on support payload bodies of 1 MB. This feature is available since PDK version 1.8 and Flex Gateway 1.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDK Policies using stop iteration on support payload bodies of 1 MB. 

NOTE: Only Flex Gateways version 1.12.0 or later support stop interation.
```
